Add a note about missing $HOME in some cases (#25881)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/single-file.md

>
> To prevent tampering, these directories should not be writable by users or services with different privileges, (so **not** _/tmp_ or _/var/tmp_ on most Linux and MacOS systems).

> [!NOTE]

> > In some Linux environments (for example under *systemd*) the default extraction will not work because `$HOME` is not defined. In such cases it's recommended to set `$DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` explicitly (for *systemd* a good alternative seems to be the `%h` variable).

Reviewer: Might I suggest specifying precisely where to use `%h`, and that it should go under a sub-path? I've expanded on the content here.

```suggestion
> In some Linux environments (for example under *systemd*) the default extraction will not work because `$HOME` is not defined. In such cases it's recommended to set `$DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` explicitly.
>
> For *systemd* a good alternative seems to be defining DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR in your service's unit file as  `%h/.net`, which systemd expands correctly to `$HOME/.net` for the account running the service. 
>
> ```
> [Service]
> Environment="DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR=%h/.net"
> ```
```
